com/example/healthManage/entity/User.java
 com.example.healthManage.entity.User
com/example/healthManage/dto/RestResult.java
 com.example.healthManage.dto.RestResult
com/example/healthManage/HealthManageApplication.java
 com.example.healthManage.HealthManageApplication
com/example/healthManage/mapper/PhysicalExaminationReportMapper.java
 com.example.healthManage.mapper.PhysicalExaminationReportMapper
com/example/healthManage/service/DietService.java
 com.example.healthManage.service.DietService
com/example/healthManage/config/MybatisConfig.java
 com.example.healthManage.config.MybatisConfig
com/example/healthManage/dto/DietListDTO.java
 com.example.healthManage.dto.DietListDTO
com/example/healthManage/service/ExerciseService.java
 com.example.healthManage.service.ExerciseService
com/example/healthManage/service/impl/PhysicalExaminationReportServiceImpl.java
 com.example.healthManage.service.impl.PhysicalExaminationReportServiceImpl
com/example/healthManage/entity/PhysicalExaminationReport.java
 com.example.healthManage.entity.PhysicalExaminationReport
com/example/healthManage/mapper/UserMapper.java
 com.example.healthManage.mapper.UserMapper
com/example/healthManage/entity/Diet.java
 com.example.healthManage.entity.Diet
com/example/healthManage/dto/PEListDTO.java
 com.example.healthManage.dto.PEListDTO
com/example/healthManage/dto/ResultCode.java
 com.example.healthManage.dto.ResultCode
com/example/healthManage/service/impl/DietServiceImpl.java
 com.example.healthManage.service.impl.DietServiceImpl
com/example/healthManage/dto/ExerciseListDTO.java
 com.example.healthManage.dto.ExerciseListDTO
com/example/healthManage/service/impl/ExerciseServiceImpl.java
 com.example.healthManage.service.impl.ExerciseServiceImpl
com/example/healthManage/controller/PhysicalExaminationReportController.java
 com.example.healthManage.controller.PhysicalExaminationReportController
com/example/healthManage/controller/ExerciseController.java
 com.example.healthManage.controller.ExerciseController
com/example/healthManage/entity/Exercise.java
 com.example.healthManage.entity.Exercise
com/example/healthManage/mapper/ExerciseMapper.java
 com.example.healthManage.mapper.ExerciseMapper
com/example/healthManage/service/PhysicalExaminationReportService.java
 com.example.healthManage.service.PhysicalExaminationReportService
com/example/healthManage/mapper/DietMapper.java
 com.example.healthManage.mapper.DietMapper
com/example/healthManage/controller/DietController.java
 com.example.healthManage.controller.DietController
com/example/healthManage/dto/LoginDTO.java
 com.example.healthManage.dto.LoginDTO
com/example/healthManage/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java
 com.example.healthManage.service.impl.UserServiceImpl
com/example/healthManage/controller/UserController.java
 com.example.healthManage.controller.UserController
com/example/healthManage/service/UserService.java
 com.example.healthManage.service.UserService
